[Clay] Previously,
on Sons of Anarchy...
This fell out of one
of Abel's coloring books.
He must have found it somewhere
in Jax's house.
Letters?
Maureen Ashby.
And you think
Jax read 'em?
Had to be Jax or Tara
who found 'em.
Clay, Jax,
Romero Parada.
Friends call me Romeo.
Got two dozen
of each load.
That's 700 and change
for your current stock.
It should cover half
plus your transport payment.
I'll have the coke ready
for you for the run back.
You forgot to mention
we'd also be running coke
for the Galindo Cartel?
We voted in selling them guns.
We'll have another vote.
I want you to back me.
It's the only way
this thing passes.
If I do this,
when you hand over the club,
you push for the president's
patch to go to Opie.
That's the deal.
My out for your drugs.
You smell smoke?
[grunting]
You pushed me to this.
And I strongly suggest
you guys don't do it again.
[Tara]
I have some good news.
We're engaged!
[clapping]
[cheering]
[whooping]
We got Bobby, Piney,
Juice opposed.
Where we at with the rest?
Chibs knows
we need this to fill
our Irish commitment.
He'll go our way.
-Tig and Happy, too.
-Still need one more.
Kozik?
Ex-junkie.
I'm thinking he's a no.
-We any closer with Ope?
-[sighs] A little.
He saw the benefit of having
the cartel on speed-dial,
but he's not there yet.
Well, you need
to get him there, man.
'Cause Ope gives us Miles,
that gets us the majority.
And you need
to work on Bobby.
Very least, stop him
from spreading woe.
You using that?
Yeah.
It's Abel's old one.
I know, it's a piece of shit.
Buy a new one.
-You sure?
-Yeah.
[Tara] Well, we should
probably put it in storage,
just in case
one of the guys needs it.
[Jax chuckles] Okay.
Key's in the junk drawer.
[Tara gasps]
Sorry.
It's okay.
I just wanted to
thank you for the other night.
You sharing the news
when you did.
That was a class act.
It really helped.
Of course.
I'm so happy you're
joining this family.
You're already a great mom,
you're gonna be a...
great old lady.
Thank you.
Raising Jax was
the best thing
that ever happened to me.
I love my son...
as much as I loved his old man.
[baby crying]
[chuckles]
[baby continues crying]
[Jax] Hey.
I think he might need a change.
Oh. You think?
You know, these are
actually disposable.
You just take 'em off,
put a new one on.
Really? And here I thought
this whole "raising kids" thing
was so hard on you.
[chuckles sarcastically]
You should just get
out of here before you're
swimming in baby piss.
[whispers] I love you.
[whispers]
I love you, too.
Hi.
Bye, honey.
[Jax] See you later.
Hey, dickhead,
you the one made pancakes?
Yeah.
-You gonna clean your shit up?
-Now?
Yeah. Now. Who the hell
you think's gonna do it?
Your mom and aunt.
They ain't your maids.
Just thought we should
load these first.
No, go. He hates messy.
Get inside there.
Yo, Gomer!
You want to toss me
that rock?
Yo, Buckwheat,
want to keep your shirt on?
Thanks.
-Hey, you ball?
-Not today, man.
[boy] What's the matter,
surfer dude, scared of
a little hood ball?
Come on, ten bucks a point.
Shut up, bitch,
you ain't got no money.
Bullshit.
How much you got?
Like... three hundred
and something?
All right,
me and you, LeBrown.
One on one, winner takes all.
Shit, yeah,
my lemon-headed sucker.
[man] Yeah. Oh, look at this.
[saw buzzing]
Look at my happy
little elves.
[tools whir to a stop]
They look great.
How do they hold?
Hold between ten
and 16, depending
on the gun.
The weight matches
the car parts.
Beautiful.
Chibs got the specs
from the Irish.
-Where is he?
-Don't ask.
Bathroom,
working shit out.
Literally. All that
processed food.
[Chibs groaning]
Shit,
you all right, man?
[exhales]
Something didn't
settle right.
Cheap Mexican food.
Chasing burritos
with Jack and James
probably didn't help.
Juicy, you're gonna
hook me up, yeah?
Green tea
and a mint colonic,
a little herbal fusion...
Stop, stop, stop.
Stop.
Before we clear
anybody's passage, let's just
get these crates built.
Bobby, you're with me. Wahewa.
Why do you need me?
'Cause I miss you, man.
-You want me with?
-Nah, nah, we're good.
Stay available.
May need somebody
to haul some ammo.
[tool whirring]
[talking indistinctly]
Oh!
God!
[rap music playing]
[boy] You gonna let him
shoot that shit over you?
Come on, man.
18-12.
Damn, Brew, this
beach-white nigga got you
looking like Cleveland.
-[laughter]
-[boy 2] For real!
[rap music continues]
That's bullshit, man.
Get the keys!
Hurry up!
Get the hell out of here!
Go, go!
[rap music continues]
Do you even know how
to drive a truck?
Get your ass
back up in here!
[engine roaring]
♪ Show you who's the boss ♪
♪ You're gonna have
To pay the cost ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ Catch me on the run... ♪
Oh, shit!
♪ Ain't nothing come easy
In the hood ♪
[vehicle pulling away]
You got to be shitting me!
♪ Riding through this world ♪
♪ All alone ♪
♪ God takes your soul ♪
♪ You're on your own ♪
♪ The crow flies straight ♪
♪ A perfect line ♪
♪ On the devil's bed ♪
♪ Until you die ♪
♪ Gotta look this life ♪
♪ In the eye ♪
Romero "Romeo" Parada,
ex-Mexican military commando,
enlisted by Jose Galindo
to head up his cartel's
strategic enforcement unit.
[chuckles] The cartel
has a strategic
enforcement unit?
There are two
Sonora-based cartels,
Galindo's and Lobo Sonora.
Blood feud over
the whole territory began
about six months ago,
shows no sign of stopping.
And Romeo needs guns.
Yes, and I'm guessing
the Sons will be expediting
the coke that pays for them.
-Dealing?
-It's not in
their wheelhouse.
Probably muling blow
back to Northern Cali.
[Eli] Shit.
We've been watching
Galindo for the last
couple of years.
He's a spunky little psychopath.
Since he hired Romeo, they've
been giving TJ and the others
a hard run for their
money and drugs.
We'd heard Romeo
had reached out
to the Sons in Stockton,
but we weren't sure
how they would fit
with the Russians.
I guess they
figured that out.
This was lifted from
a gas station
security cam outside
of my beautiful birthplace,
Modesto, two days ago.
So Parada's back in town, hmm?
[Grad] He was.
Off the grid again.
[Eli] So now what?
[Grad] Without someone inside
to document the gunrunning,
we need to make the Sons
the primary RICO target.
So now, my locally
enforced friend...
we move on to Plan B.
Engage Mr. Crow to create
the ties that bind.
Juan Carlos Ortiz.
I need you to pick him up.
How does that help RICO?
We need to create
a history of organized
crime, past and present.
Juice is our "now" connection.
I can pick him up
on a release violation.
He's a part owner
of a weed shop.
Good.
But you can't tip him off
to any of this.
The threat must remain local.
Okay, so what do you
want me to do with him?
Just let him know that
you're aware of his family tree
and that...
you'll be in touch.
All right, I'm coming.
What's going on?
That was Miles.
Some kind of hiccup
with the guns.
Should I call Clay?
No, him and Bobby need
some quality time.
Stay here, get the other
prospects to help
finish these up.
-[groaning]
-Take care of him.
Absolutely.
You're with us.
Follow in the van.
Let's go.
I'm going with.
Clay wanted you
to stay here.
No, I'm not gonna be his
little ammo bitch, bro,
I'm not gonna do it.
If there's a problem with
those guns, I should be there.
[door opens]
All right, Tiggy.
I know you didn't bring me
out here for my vast
knowledge of projectiles.
I wanted to talk
to you alone.
Say what
ya gotta say, Prez.
The beating we took
over these last few years
you know has set us way back.
Part of the life.
I didn't join this club
to get rich.
It ain't about getting rich,
it's about getting whole.
This club needs an infusion.
How'd you get the boy
to sign off on this?
Drugs nearly killed
his first-born.
He's changed.
He's gone way inside.
I...
I don't know what
pushed him there.
Maybe it was the time...
Maybe it was me.
I don't know.
You're not the same guy.
Well, he sure knows
what's best for this club.
Oh, kill the bullshit,
we're not sitting
around the table.
You're sprinting for the door,
stuffing your pockets before
it slams shut.
I get that.
-But what's Jax
get out of it?
-[Clay] You know what?
You think whatever the hell you
want to about me,
'cause I don't give a shit.
My main concern
is the future of this MC.
And I'll tell you
what Jax gets out of it,
'cause that's what
I brought you out here
to talk about.
Only thing is, I need for this
to stay between you and me,
you understand?
'Cause Jax doesn't want anybody
to know about this.
I need your word.
Jax wants out.
He's got two sons,
he's got an old lady he loves.
He's done.
He backs the drugs,
you let him out clean.
Yep.
What's that got
to do with me?
You're the guy
I endorse to replace me.
Yeah, if I vote
for the drugs, you'll...
[Clay] It's not about
any vote.
I'm handing you the gavel...
because you're the best guy
for the job.
If you want it.
I'm giving you my word.
[woman] You looking
for Charlie Horse?
Uh, yeah.
He's out in
the South Res.
Get in your truck
and follow me.
[hospital personnel talking]
[sighs]
Hey.
Just trying to remember
how to do this.
You put the flame
to the wick.
Thanks.
You stop going to
your church?
When you're buried
in your own shit,
the Sacred Heart seems
a little out of reach.
You gotta believe
in something, Wayne.
Where are you at
with that?
Same place
I'm always at.
No, you're not, sweetheart.
We wanna stay the same,
but we can't.
Older we get,
the further away we get
from who we think we are.
Are we done here, Confucius?
Yeah.
Let's go.
Wait here.
You see Tara coming,
knock on the door.
Really?
You brought me here to be
your goddamn spotter?
I'm finishing
what I started.
Oh, shit.
All right,
you clever little bitch,
where'd you hide that key?
I'm sorry, baby.
We're gonna be okay.
Let's go, okay?
[Unser] Oh, shit.
Oh.
Sorry.
Is Tara expecting you?
No. I, um...
I was just doing some research.
Sonoanatomy and Feasibility of
Ultrasonographic Guidance
in Term and Preterm Neonates.
It's a trilogy.
Hey, there.
-Hey, Wayne.
-[Margaret] Chief Unser.
Uh, not anymore.
Of course.
Can I talk to you
for a second?
-Me?
-Yeah.
I got some questions about
my HMO and these new treatments.
[Margaret] Sure.
I'll tell Tara you're in here.
Engrossed in
the Neonatas Trilogy.
Gentlemen.
This way, please.
What the hell we doing
out here, Charlie?
Tribal matters.
Also, it gives us a chance
to talk privately about this
increase in demand.
[Clay] Is that a problem?
Labor, no.
Compensation, yes.
I know you're selling our ammo
to the Mexicans now.
Our deal with the Wahewa's set,
doesn't matter
who we're selling to.
I'm not living
in a teepee, Clay.
The cartel is a risk for you.
I know you gotta
be charging more
for our bullets.
I just want to make sure that
the Wahewa get their piece.
Jesus Christ.
There's a word
in the Wintu language,
means "mourning war."
Families of our dead sons
ask the gods to choose
their revenge.
They chose slow death
by flesh-eating ants.
That's some real
cowboy and Indian shit, Chief.
[Charlie Horse]
It's about closure.
You play a part in his passing
over into the spirit realm.
I'll be right back.
How long they gonna
leave him out here?
[chuckles] I guess till
the picnic's over.
Are you gonna give
Charlie his bump?
I mean, we are
charging the Mexicans
almost 50% more
-for the same ammo.
-I'm gonna give
Charlie dick.
Because as far as he knows,
we're charging the Mexicans
-the same as we charge
anybody else.
-Help me.
Please.
Help...
Hey.
Are you listening to us?
No.
Well, you heard that,
didn't you?
[groans]
You're gonna
piss off the gods.
I don't give a shit
about the gods.
[gagging]
Someone stealing
our guns is a hiccup?
Are you
shitting me?
They took the truck,
thinking it was full of booze.
It only had one case of AR-15's.
Those guns are already
sold, asshole.
The cartel is expecting all
of them in two days.
I get it!
No, what you get,
is jacked by a bunch
of ghetto babies, asshole.
-All right, all right.
Hey, all right, down!
-Let him go! Let him go!
-[Tig] Hang on!
-Save it for church!
Let's just get
the guns back, bro.
They're not gonna hit
the streets with that shit.
Okay, they're gonna try
and sell them.
All right, shut up.
This hood?
Only one place to do that.
Vivica. French fence.
They better be there.
Truck got jacked
a couple hours ago.
We're thinking you may be
their first stop.
Do I look like I buy guns?
[Kozik] Well, maybe
you know the kids.
Brewster.
He called his buddy Frecks.
I got enough kids.
Don't need to know
anyone else's.
Look, if you want iPads,
microwaves,
or organic vegetables,
I'm your Nubian goddess.
But guns...
that's dirty business.
Not my flow.
Everybody around here
knows that. Luther, Vandross.
Show them out.
Well, if,
for some reason,
they do flow your way,
we need to know.
The only thing you
need to know is that my soil is
in desperate need of aeration.
[dog barking in distance]
Wouldn't wanna get
between you and your dirt.
I appreciate that.
I don't
believe her, man.
[Happy] Got no choice.
We rock that boat, gonna blow
back on the whole neighborhood.
My aunt and mom included.
Shit, that's them!
You stay here in case
the truck shows up.
[boy] Go, go, go!
[engines rev]
[rock song playing]
♪ When I was a boy, I thought
About the times I'd be a man ♪
♪ I'd sit inside a bottle and
Pretend that I was in a can ♪
♪ In my lonely room, I'd sit
My mind in an ice cream cone ♪
♪ You can throw me if you wanna
'Cause I'm a bone and I go ♪
[vocalizing]
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ If I don't start cryin' ♪
♪ It's because that I have
Got no eyes ♪
-Look out!
-Shit!
♪ My father's in the fireplace
and my dog lies hypnotized ♪
♪ Through a crack of light... ♪
Let's go.
♪ I was unable to find my way ♪
♪ Trapped inside a night
But I'm a day and I go... ♪
[siren wailing]
Shit. Cops find our guns, these
shitheads'll lead 'em right back
to Happy's aunt's house.
Hey, I got this.
[officer over P.A.]
Pull over!
[siren stops]
Keep your hands
where we can see 'em.
Let's go!
[siren wails]
Whoo!
License and
registration, please.
He's dead.
-What happened?
-[Clay] Not sure.
He came to, gasped a little bit,
and just went out.
Yeah.
It was quick.
Families
gonna be disappointed.
He should've suffered
at least another two days.
Well, maybe the ants
were a little hungrier
than you thought.
Yes... like all of us.
Look, Charlie, I don't
know what you heard
or what you think you
might know, but...
we got the same deal going
with the cartel as we had
with the Russians.
We're not making
a dime more off your ammo.
You got my word.
Okay.
We'll push through
with the order then.
[Frecks and Brewster yelling]
[banging in car]
[yelling, banging continue]
No, man,
let me out, man, let me out!
Man, you cracker-ass
bitches trying to kill us?
That's the plan,
unless you start talking.
I don't know what
you're talking about, okay?
-I don't!
-Oh, shit.
No, no!
-Lying bitch!
-Hey, man,
what's wrong with you?
Listen, listen, listen!
Yo, what are you doing?
-Yo, man, what are you...?
-Hey, hey, listen to me.
Listen to me.
Now this guy here,
he's cracked three
of my ribs giving me a hug.
Now he is gonna shatter
your boy's face
unless you give it up.
All right,
goddamn, man, just listen!
We sold it to Vivica.
Luther only gave us
half the cash.
We were headed to get the rest
when y'all spotted us.
Your money's in the glove box.
It's here.
We unloaded
the truck on Langley.
All right.
I'm calling Miles.
I knew that bitch
was lying, Jax.
Or these assholes are.
Put him in the trunk.
-Get up!
-Man, come on!
We told ya!
Go check on the truck.
We told ya everything--
Oh! That was crazy.
I just saw some stuff in there
I ate when I was
seven years old.
I'm, like,
100 pounds lighter.
I'm a brand-new man.
[phone rings]
Hey, just got a full cleanse.
-[tires screech]
-And... Ah, you know what?
Sure, I'll call you back.
If you guys are
heading in, I recommend
the green tea and mint.
Hands on the wall.
Let's go.
Got a card for that.
Congratulations,
but the federal government
doesn't give a shit.
Is this some kind
a joke?
Does that feel
like a joke?
Let's go.
[knocking]
Come in.
-Surgery went well?
-Yes. Routine
diaphragmatic hernia.
Here you go.
References and other info.
Legacy Emanuel and Providence
Hospital are very interested in
speaking with you.
Wow. Thank you for,
for doing this.
I came by
to drop them off earlier.
Gemma was here in your office.
Did she say why?
No, but I'm pretty certain
I interrupted her
looking for something.
Did she see this?
No.
She was probably
just looking for
something for the baby.
Probably.
Thanks.
I've heard
the nurses talking.
Um, are you really engaged?
I am.
Does Jax know
you're planning to move?
I'm not just yet.
-Tara...
-I need to be here.
Two months ago
you broke down in my office.
-You asked me--
-I know, and... [sighs]
I still feel that way,
but I have to let Jax
lead us out, Margaret.
It may take longer, but it's
the only way I get my
whole family out clean.
Longer can very
easily turn into forever.
You know that.
Please think about this.
It's the only thing
I think about.
I have to get ready
for surgery.
[engine revs, shuts down]
Hey, hey, hey, easy,
easy, man, easy.
Just wanna talk
to your mom.
It's okay, boys.
Appreciate you taking
care of my crew.
They looked
a little thirsty.
And I don't like white boys
spying on me.
Yeah, well, we tracked
down the crew
that jacked our guns.
Said they sold 'em to you.
What the hell is it
with you guys?
I don't have
your goddamn guns!
Maybe your boys know
something about it.
[Jax] Yeah, how 'bout it, boys?
You taking on a little
side biz mama don't know about?
You idiots!
-Jax!
-No! No, stop!
-Stop, stop!
-Hey, hey, get down!
[Tig] Get down now!
-[Jax] Shit!
-Knock it off!
Jesus Christ!
What the hell were you two
cat-brain morons thinking?
Sorry, Mom.
It was supposed to be
a surprise.
We was gonna get you
that F-350 Super Duty.
We know how much
you love that truck, Ma.
We even had a red one
all picked out and shit.
My apologies.
Give them their guns!
All of them!
-Cops are gonna be here
after that blast.
-No, they won't.
For your troubles.
Tell Happy I'll send
his mom some tomatoes.
Family meeting inside!
-[Vivica] Luther, Vandross!
-[Jax] Come on, killer.
[Vivica] I said now!
That one there,
she makes Gemma
look like Donna Reed.
[laughs] I'm suddenly
feeling a little less
dysfunctional.
Hi.
[Gemma] Sorry to barge in.
In the middle of something?
No. Just finished surgery.
Just paperwork.
I came by earlier.
Yeah, Margaret
mentioned that.
[Gemma] Yeah, I'm sure she did.
This fell out of one
of Abel's coloring books.
You have any idea
where he might've found it?
What is it?
A note.
Talks about some letters.
Letters to whom?
You hiding something from me?
Why would I do that?
Same reason you keep
answering my questions
with questions.
Sounds like you already
know the answers.
No... I don't.
What I do know is
that letters
from John Teller
would be very painful
for my son to read.
Why?
John was in love
with Maureen Ashby.
When we were in Belfast, found
out she had a kid with him.
Stirred up
all that old shit.
I had already fallen
in love with Clay.
When Thomas died, I...
I didn't care anymore.
I didn't even
try to hide it.
That was a mistake.
Put Clay at risk.
It was humiliating for JT.
Jax doesn't know
any of that.
Him finding out
could set things off
with Clay again.
John ripped me apart.
Spent months at a time
in Belfast with her.
Left me here.
Alone. With his sons.
Sorry.
I loved him.
Like you and Jax.
I was 19.
He was my goddamn world.
This ain't good for anybody.
You understand me?
Wherever this leads,
this is bad for our family.
[sighs]
All right, here you go.
So what's going on?
Hey, I just wanna have
a conversation, that's all.
You can do that
with my lawyer.
Oh, you don't need
your lawyer.
I don't give a shit
about the weed, man.
Please, sit down.
So why'd you
pick me up?
This is me and my father,
fishing at Rockaway Beach.
Huh?
Now, you grew up
in Queens, right?
Nobody fished at Rockaway.
Not unless you wanted to fry up
beer bottles and syringes.
That ain't Queens.
What's the game here, man?
-You ever see your father?
-No.
I can arrange that.
Michael Howard Cole.
It's your daddy,
Juan Carlos.
By your silence,
I'm assuming
that you already knew.
I knew who he was.
I never met him.
Now, I don't know if you
can tell by this picture,
but, um... he's black.
Like, African black.
Yeah.
I picked that up.
I don't know, you tell me.
What would the club do if they
found out that you were black?
Hm? You don't know?
Let me break it down
for you.
Well, first they'll
pull your patch,
then they make you scrape
the ink, then, if you're lucky
enough, you'll walk out alive.
As far
as SAMCRO is concerned,
you never even existed.
So much for
Affirmative Action.
-You don't know dick
about my club.
-Yeah, you're right.
About Dick, nothing.
But Leroy?
Shit. Everything.
Enjoy your day.
So what happens now?
We go back home
to our families.
I'll stay in touch, brother.
[sighs]
Mexican for lunch?
Yeah,
something like that.
What's going on?
I was hoping you
could tell me.
He listens to you.
Who? Clay?
You know, he is
getting us involved
in some very deep shit.
What are you
talking about?
Your old man wants us
running drugs for the cartel.
And all those other drones
at the table, they're gonna
follow him right down
to that last little crumb.
Talk some sense
into him, Gemma.
[sighs]
-You guys are running
coke for the Mexicans?
-What?
Who told you that?
Not you.
You don't need to know.
Drugs are not
what we do--
[gasping]
You don't tell me
what we do.
[slow instrumental
music playing]
Everything okay?
Yeah. Let's just
get this done.
♪ I had a cure ♪
♪ For your disease ♪
♪ But you threw it away ♪
♪ You made it clear
I was not welcome... ♪
Hey.
You really think that we can
handle the drug end of this?
I know we can.
Getting as cocky
as Clay, too.
That's not a bad thing, man.
You came out harder.
Looking like a guy
who can lead a club.
That bullshit today,
you handled it, man.
Thanks.
You got my vote.
And Miles.
But when we're done with
the cartel and Clay is gone,
it's you and me sitting
at the head of that table.
Get this back to the way
it should be.
You good with that?
♪ And all of this
Would've been ♪
♪ All of this
could've been yours... ♪
You've all had time
to think on this.
Yea or nay?
We get in business with
the Galindo Cartel.
Yea.
I don't trust them.
No.
Yea.
I'm a yea.
Nay.
No.
I'm sorry.
I'm a no.
Backing my Prez and VP.
Yea.
Six-five.
It passes.
[gavel bangs]
♪ My denial and fear ♪
♪ And all of my hatred ♪
♪ And all of my tears ♪
♪ All of the time
that I couldn't go home ♪
♪ And all of the times ♪
♪ That I froze all alone ♪
♪ And all of the sadness ♪
♪ All of the lies ♪
♪ And all of the shadows ♪
♪ That blackened my eyes... ♪
You ever try to end run me
through my old lady again...
I'll slit your throat.
♪ Now creep in the corner ♪
♪ They're all in my head ♪
♪ All of the dreams ♪
♪ That you made nightmares ♪
♪ All of the silence ♪
♪ The deafening stares ♪
♪ All of the ships
Who can't carry loads ♪
♪ You wrecked in anger ♪
♪ Along distant shores ♪
♪ All of this would've been ♪
♪ All of this
Could've been yours ♪
♪ All of this should've been ♪
♪ All of this could've been ♪
♪ Yours ♪